../ny196/1.config
1
1800
10
64
0.0005
mean vehicle count: 2050.0 with sd: 0.0
mean travel time: 663.3835391983866 with sd: 0.0

intersection_1_1
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_2
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_3
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_4
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_5
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_6
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_7
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_8
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_9
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_10
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_11
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_12
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_13
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_14
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_15
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_16
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_17
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_18
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_19
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_20
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_21
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_22
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_23
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_24
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_25
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_26
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_27
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_28
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_1
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_2
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_3
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_4
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_5
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_6
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_7
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_8
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_9
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_10
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_11
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_12
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_13
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_14
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_15
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_16
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_17
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_18
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_19
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_20
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_21
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_22
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_23
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_24
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_25
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_26
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_27
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_2_28
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_1
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_2
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_3
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_4
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_5
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_6
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_7
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_8
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_9
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_10
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_11
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_12
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_13
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_14
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_15
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_16
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_17
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_18
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_19
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_20
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_21
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_22
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_23
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_24
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_25
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_26
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_27
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_3_28
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_1
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_2
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_3
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_4
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_5
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_6
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_7
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_8
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_9
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_10
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_11
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_12
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_13
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_14
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_15
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_16
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_17
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_18
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_19
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_20
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_21
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_22
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_23
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_24
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_25
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_26
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_27
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_4_28
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_1
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_2
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_3
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_4
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_5
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_6
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_7
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_8
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_9
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_10
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_11
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_12
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_13
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_14
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_15
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_16
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_17
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_18
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_19
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_20
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_21
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_22
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_23
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_24
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_25
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_26
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_27
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_5_28
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_1
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_2
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_3
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_4
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_5
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_6
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_7
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_8
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_9
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_10
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_11
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_12
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_13
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_14
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_15
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_16
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_17
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_18
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_19
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_20
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_21
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_22
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_23
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_24
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_25
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_26
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_27
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_6_28
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_1
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_2
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_3
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_4
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_5
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_6
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_7
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_8
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_9
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_10
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_11
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_12
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_13
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_14
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_15
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_16
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_17
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_18
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_19
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_20
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_21
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_22
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_23
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_24
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_25
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_26
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_27
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_7_28
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan


