../ny16/1.config
1
1800
10
64
0.0005
mean vehicle count: 2463.0 with sd: 0.0
mean travel time: 275.4212853773585 with sd: 0.0

intersection_1_1
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_2
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_3
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_4
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_5
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_6
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_7
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_8
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_9
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_10
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_11
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_12
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_13
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_14
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_15
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan

intersection_1_16
movement 0 max wait time: 0
movement 0 avg wait time: nan
movement 1 max wait time: 0
movement 1 avg wait time: nan
movement 2 max wait time: 0
movement 2 avg wait time: nan
movement 3 max wait time: 0
movement 3 avg wait time: nan
movement 4 max wait time: 0
movement 4 avg wait time: nan
movement 5 max wait time: 0
movement 5 avg wait time: nan
movement 6 max wait time: 0
movement 6 avg wait time: nan
movement 7 max wait time: 0
movement 7 avg wait time: nan
movement 8 max wait time: 0
movement 8 avg wait time: nan
movement 9 max wait time: 0
movement 9 avg wait time: nan
movement 10 max wait time: 0
movement 10 avg wait time: nan
movement 11 max wait time: 0
movement 11 avg wait time: nan


